Improve accessibility (#68)
Vanilla-OS/website: index.md

<div class="hero hero-center hero-main">
    <div class="container hero-wrapper">
        <div class="hero-image animate__animated animate__fadeIn" data-scroll>

>             <img src="/assets/images/home-laptop.svg" class="on-light" alt="" />

Reviewer: It's not recommended empty alt

Reviewer 2: Perfect timing, I was suggesting the same in Discord

Author: Empty alt texts should only be used when the images are purely used for decoration: https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/decorative/

Reviewer: But it's a website logo, is necessity

Reviewer 3: I think they're decorative, they don't add much if anything to the website information-wise for screen readers and the like. They're purely for showcasing what the desktop looks like.

Author: Alright. In that case I'll leave it as is

>             <img src="/assets/images/home-laptop-dark.svg" alt="Overview of Vanilla OS with GNOME Maps, GNOME Software and GNOME Weather opened on dark style." class="on-dark" />

Reviewer 3: W3C recommends that pure decorative content be ignored by assistive technology. I think this falls under that recommendation.

https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/decorative/

            <p>Thanks to a wide range of applications, Vanilla OS is ready to meet your needs, whether you are a developer, a designer, a student or a simple user.</p>
        </div>
        <div class="hero-image" data-scroll>

>             <img class="animate-on-scroll" data-animation="fadeInRight" src="/assets/images/home-rnote.png" alt="Rnote window with 3 tabs opened" />

Reviewer 3: See my previous comment about decorative content.

            <p>Your GPU won't be an issue anymore thanks to an integrated driver management, whether it's an AMD®, Intel®, or NVIDIA® GPU. If a driver is missing, all you have to do is launch the driver manager and follow the instructions. <b>It's that simple.</b></p>
        </div>
        <div class="hero-image" data-scroll>

>             <img class="animate-on-scroll" data-animation="fadeInUp" src="/assets/images/home-gaming.png" alt="Preview of $GAMES (TO FILL)" />

Author: Help needed

>             <img class="animate-on-scroll" data-animation="fadeInUp" src="/assets/images/home-gaming.png" alt="Preview of Overwatch, Apex Legends and Need for Speed™ Heat." />

Reviewer 3: Also decorative.

        </div>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="hero hero-center hero-bg-text">
    <div class="hero-text">
        <div class="hero-image" data-scroll>

>             <img class="animate-on-scroll" data-animation="fadeIn" src="/assets/images/home-apps.png" alt="List of app icons spread around the area." />

Reviewer 3: *Very* decorative.

            <p>At the first start you can choose which package format to use in Vanilla OS (Flatpak, Snap, Appimage ..), you choose and Vanilla OS will take care of the rest, putting you in the situation to start without problems.</p>
        </div>
        <div class="hero-image" data-scroll>

>             <img class="animate-on-scroll" data-animation="fadeInRight" src="/assets/images/home-pkgs.png" alt="Flatpak, Snap, Deb and AppImage logos." />

Reviewer 3: The alt text here should already be covered by the accompanying text.

            </a>
        </div>
        <div class="hero-image" data-scroll>

>             <img class="animate-on-scroll" data-animation="fadeInLeft" src="/assets/images/home-desk-apx.svg" alt="Terminal written  “$ apx install nice-stuff” and “$ abroot exec apt install nice-stuff” in different rows." />

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
            <img class="animate-on-scroll" data-animation="fadeInLeft" src="/assets/images/home-desk-apx.svg" alt="A simple terminal application showing the commands "apx install nice-stuff" and "abroot exec apt install nice-stuff"" />
```

I think this image has some value outside of being decorative, since it showcases a bit of how `apx` works.

>             <img class="animate-on-scroll" data-animation="fadeInLeft" src="/assets/images/home-desk-apx.svg" alt="A simple terminal app showing the commands “apx install nice-stuff” and “abroot exec apt install nice-stuff” />

Reviewer 3: Very nit, add a comment here that it's partially informative. Would help so it's not cut out in the future.

            <div class="media-carousel">
                <div class="media-carousel-item">
                    <a href="https://www.zdnet.com/article/vanilla-os-offers-a-new-take-on-security-for-the-linux-desktop/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">

>                         <img src="/assets/images/logos/media/zdnet.svg" alt="ZDNet logo." />

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
                        <img src="/assets/images/logos/media/zdnet.svg" alt="ZDNet: "If you're looking for a new operating system that takes security seriously ... Vanilla OS might be just the ticket."" />
```

We want to use the actual quote here, not just a description of the logo.

                        <p>If you're looking for a new operating system that takes security seriously… Vanilla OS might be just the ticket.</p>
                    </a>
                </div>
                <div class="media-carousel-item">
                    <a href="https://www.theregister.com/2023/01/03/vanilla_os_2210/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">
                        <img src="/assets/images/logos/media/the_register.svg" alt="The Register logo." />
                        <p>Vanilla OS is going for bigger, bolder improvement to the Linux desktop… it could prove transformative to the Linux industry… </p>
                    </a>
                </div>
                <div class="media-carousel-item">
                    <a href="https://www.techrepublic.com/article/vanilla-os-linux-desktop/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">

>                         <img src="/assets/images/logos/media/techrepublic-logo.svg" alt="Tech Republic logo." />

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
                        <img src="/assets/images/logos/media/techrepublic-logo.svg" alt="Tech Republic: "This will be a project you’ll want to keep a close watch on... I think Vanilla OS could be a real game-changer."" />
```

                        <p>This will be a project you’ll want to keep a close watch on… I think Vanilla OS could be a real game-changer.</p>
                    </a>
                </div>
                <div class="media-carousel-new-line"></div>
                <div class="media-carousel-item">
                    <a href="https://www.omglinux.com/vanilla-os-first-release-download/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">

>                         <img src="/assets/images/logos/media/omg-linux.png" alt="OMG! Linux logo." />

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
                        <img src="/assets/images/logos/media/omg-linux.png" alt="OMG! Linux: "Far more than “just another” Ubuntu fork, this distro takes a bold new approach to desktop computing using an immutable file system."" />
```

                        <p>Far more than “just another” Ubuntu fork, this distro takes a bold new approach to desktop computing using an immutable file system.</p>
                    </a>
                </div>
                <div class="media-carousel-item">
                    <a href="https://news.itsfoss.com/vanilla-os-release/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">

>                         <img src="/assets/images/logos/media/itsfoss-logo.webp" alt="It's FOSS logo." />

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
                        <img src="/assets/images/logos/media/itsfoss-logo.webp" alt="It's FOSS: "Being a new distro, Vanilla OS has a well-equipped feature set that you might like. "" />
```

>                         <img src="/assets/images/logos/media/itsfoss-logo.webp" alt="It's FOSS: “Being a new distro, Vanilla OS has a well-equipped feature set that you might like.”" />

Reviewer 3: Is there a solution for not being able to use my mouse or the like to copy text on the website? Accessibility isn't just being accessible to disabled people.
